Hello and welcome last
metin2 de france yes I have you one
small this mix tape
edited together
I think that is quite cool let yourself
Just let's see here
just had the red dragon go
if the rc still refuses but you
I think so golden wave
actually make a video but
then I have badly distributed the
I used switch 15 German 15
claw-10 two years ago to write the
comments what do you think about it was so
a little bit
Well, that should really be the case
because there are already missing as well
buy a hand so average
harm's a hand this is you
know what I mean
that's why i was so kind of
unsure i also had on facebook
asked but there were all the lops up
every case except one I think must
check it out
in any case by having so many
I had commented on that as well
picture actually damn many views
but well facebook news you have nothing
from yes we are just still at the council
cor
You can see it even easier with me
because I had said yes we have
always done
then I'll show you that again
in my view and yes then maybe
a bit better quality because that
in the last case of aki you have to do that twice
edges, etc
there is the quality then so
lost a bit
you probably know side
Yesterday, you can drop pets there
I will definitely be there if I have more
I also know how to make a video where I am
then explain everything and as well as the pad
works and so on what we do
previously found out
So we are not yet
so actually because of the feed source the
you have to feed and so on
what have been found so far is that
the things with the eggs themselves
can feed that means no idea so
a monkey there you can then the
ratzdorf such as feeding times
as an example
and that's about it so far
is not much, though
That's only yesterday of four
you can kiss the previously dropped from the
monkey place of the spider baroness vom
Radlabor and of which I believe even
that the higher animals have more on it
as the bottom ones I do not even know if
that is certain but we have so
At least I was told
just never comes damn close
but I do not want to get names from that
Just pretend that does not work
I would not know if you joined
a school board but I 'm straight
yes I wake up five or ten minutes
erika kassaline has just arrived
clouded in any case gwk clock
just the second rate but on each
case a couple made was fun
definitely
and there come our pvn belt too
getting closer
if we split so that he sows the
Often times, nothing spreads when we do so
split that one up so one
Ranking quasi has because of who the
get the next belt and so on
Ranking is then so who on
Most come with
and if you have ten flames
or so crowded then you look it would be
highest value of most runs
made and the war had the cancellations
I could not attack him there
with applies now however
and yes sorrow what has pressed rather and
Although an advice for fossey rock pop me
I came so close
But you have not opened it yet
I always have to write where you on the
At least I find where I do it
should be as clear as or on queen of war
on king before she is just so the question
What does most sense write
Just the comments as you can see
just like the raptor thing looks like
and yes now always with that I had yes
We'll do that again and then show
I like you from my point of view
looks and there it sees me too
I have only minimal water
Just recorded a bit
to grant insight but the boss
I have completely recorded and see
now that with the Bodensee animal there
probably now there is no idea
are graphics back so the last time
not lucky but if you have one
bit the camera a bit
then tried it works too
but that's because you postpone it again
the ground is so ethereal again
me once
So it does not matter in any case
we will probably be the ones now
many damn many next day
tinkering is very convenient
all things also because of belts and so on
far, so there I have in any case
bock on it if the comments wanted
See more of this and so on
sometimes in the comments write something
So far you have learned about the pads
have and so that would affect me on everyone
If you are interested, you already have one
other feed source or something found
is of course very interesting as
said if not know then then
i make a video the pet system and
Write me something in the comments
do you think of the earrings 15 German
15 10 2 hand and where should i put the pad
open
Just write me the comments
would be interested in what you think about it
and yes I would say
that left me all social media
finds her a video description I
I'm out there is a size for you